Data Collection and Consent: 
  Was informed consent obtained from individuals whose data is being used?
    Yes. These values are reported directly to US EIA
  Are individuals aware of how their data will be used and the scope of data collection?
    Yes. Individuals know that these reports are necesseary to monitor CO2 emissions
  Is there an option for users to opt-out of data collection?
    No.

Privacy and Confidentiality:
  Are measures in place to protect the privacy and confidentiality of individuals' data?
    This data is public.
  Are there safeguars against unauthorized access or data breaches?
    There is no unauthorized access.

Transparency and Accountability:
  Are the methods and purpose of the project transparent to stakeholders?
    Yes. The purpose of this is to clearly forecast CO2 emissions
  Is there a clear accountability structure for ethical concerns
    No, there is no clear accountability structure from the US EIA website
  Can the results of the analysis be audited for ethical and methodological rigor
    Yes, the findings are reliable, valid, and credible

Fairness and Non-discrimination:
  Does the data or algorithm ingtroduce any bias that could lead to discrimination?
    No.
  Are the outcomes fair and unbiased across different demographic groups
    Yes. This is a National data collection that spans many demographics.

Purpose and Justifiability:
  Is the purpose of the data analysis justifiable, and does it align with etghical goals?
    Yes. The purpose is to monitor CO2 emissions in hopes to begin reducing emissions for a more sustainable existence
  Could this project cause harm or benefit society?
    It may benefit society by beginning the process to a healthier Earth with less climate change from CO2 emissions

Safety and Security:
  Are measures in place to ensure the project idoes not put individuals or society at risk?
    No. However, this project will not put individuals or society at risk
  Are there clear steps for mitigating risks if they arise?
    No. There are no risks to worry about for a model that simply forecasts CO2 emissions

Impact on Stakeholders:
  Who would be impacted by the project, both positively and negatively?
    Stakeholders would be positively impacted by the project as this model could be used widespread to monitor CO2 emissions. This could negatively impact companies that already emit too much CO2
  Are vulnerable populations considered in the project design and analysis?
    Yes. Since vulnerable populations are impacted more harshly by climate change, this project aims to mitigate these impacts by monitoring CO2 emissions
