Project Purpose and Scope:
  What is the primary purpose of this project, how does it benefit stakeholders?
    To forecast/monitor CO2 emissions. This will benefit stakeholders as this monitoring system will be used widespread to mitigate CO2 emissions in America.
  Is the project scope clear and justifiable in terms of ethical impact?  
    Yes.

Data Sources and Reliability:
  What are the sources of data, and are they credible and ethical?
    https://www.eia.gov/totalenergy/. US Energy Information Administration. Yes.
  Are potential biases in the data sources acknowledged or mitigated?
    There are no biases in the data source to be mitigated.

Stakeholder Transparency:
  Are stakeholders informed about the project's aims, data use, and potential outcomes?
    Yes.
  Is there clear documentation accissible to stakeholders for full transparancy?
    Yes. The complete raw dataset is on the website

Bias and Fairness Check:
  Has the project undergone rigorous checks to identify and mitigate biases?
    Yes, no biases are present in the reports to the US EIA.
  How does the project ensure fairness in its outputs, especially for marginalized groups?
    This is objective data reported with no regard to demographics. This data is unbiased and represents teh entirety of America and every demographic that lives there.

Data Protection and Anonymization:
  Are data protection measures like anonymization in place?
    No. It is not needed because no personal information is input by the user.
  How does the projet secure data to prevent unauthorized access?
    There is no unauthorized access to the public data.

Ethical Impact Assessment:
  Are there mechanisms to assess and track the ethical impact of the project over time?
    No. These should be implemented in order to determine the results of CO2 emission mitigation to see if strategies put in place are actually affective.
  Have potential risks been identified, and are there mitigation strategies in place?
    There are no potential risks in monitoring CO2 emissions with the long-term goal of reducing these emissions.

Ongoing Monitoring and Accountabilty:
  Is there a plan for ongoing monitoring of the project's ethical impact?
    Yes. Continuous monitoring and forecasting will allow users to see the sustainability results and impact of strategies put in place to mitigate CO2 emissions. 
  Are roles and responsibilities clearly defined to ensure accountability?
    No. This website does not mention an accountability hierarchy involved in the collection of this data or the reasoning behind it.
